the word that came to Jeremiah from the
the word that came to Jeremiah from the Lord hear the word
Lord hear the word
Lord hear the word of this covenant and speak to the men of
of this covenant and speak to the men of
of this covenant and speak to the men of Judah and to the inhabitants of
Judah and to the inhabitants of
Judah and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem and say to them thus says the
Jerusalem and say to them thus says the
Jerusalem and say to them thus says the Lord God of Israel cursed is the man who
Lord God of Israel cursed is the man who
Lord God of Israel cursed is the man who does not obey the words of this covenant
does not obey the words of this covenant
does not obey the words of this covenant which I commanded your fathers in the
which I commanded your fathers in the
which I commanded your fathers in the day I brought them out of the land of
day I brought them out of the land of
day I brought them out of the land of Egypt from the iron furnace saying obey
Egypt from the iron furnace saying obey
Egypt from the iron furnace saying obey my voice and do according to all that I
my voice and do according to all that I
my voice and do according to all that I command you so shall you be my people
command you so shall you be my people
command you so shall you be my people and I will be your God that I may
and I will be your God that I may
and I will be your God that I may establish the oath which I have sworn to
establish the oath which I have sworn to
establish the oath which I have sworn to your father's to give them a land
your father's to give them a land
your father's to give them a land flowing with milk and honey as it is
flowing with milk and honey as it is
flowing with milk and honey as it is this day and I answered and said so be
this day and I answered and said so be
this day and I answered and said so be it Lord then the Lord said to me
it Lord then the Lord said to me
it Lord then the Lord said to me proclaim all these words in the cities
proclaim all these words in the cities
proclaim all these words in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem
of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem
of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem saying hear the words of this covenant
saying hear the words of this covenant
saying hear the words of this covenant and do them for I earnestly exported
and do them for I earnestly exported
and do them for I earnestly exported your father's in the day I brought them
your father's in the day I brought them
your father's in the day I brought them up out of the land of Egypt until this
up out of the land of Egypt until this
up out of the land of Egypt until this day rising early and exhorting saying
day rising early and exhorting saying
day rising early and exhorting saying obey my voice yet they did not obey or
obey my voice yet they did not obey or
obey my voice yet they did not obey or incline their ear but everyone followed
incline their ear but everyone followed
incline their ear but everyone followed the dictates of his evil heart therefore
the dictates of his evil heart therefore
the dictates of his evil heart therefore I will bring upon them all the words of
I will bring upon them all the words of
I will bring upon them all the words of this covenant which I commanded them to
this covenant which I commanded them to
this covenant which I commanded them to do but which they have not done and the
do but which they have not done and the
do but which they have not done and the Lord said to me a conspiracy has been
Lord said to me a conspiracy has been
Lord said to me a conspiracy has been found among the men of Judah and among
found among the men of Judah and among
found among the men of Judah and among the inhabitants of Jerusalem they have
the inhabitants of Jerusalem they have
the inhabitants of Jerusalem they have turned back to the iniquities of their
turned back to the iniquities of their
turned back to the iniquities of their forefathers who refused to hear my words
forefathers who refused to hear my words
forefathers who refused to hear my words and they have gone after other gods to
and they have gone after other gods to
and they have gone after other gods to serve them the house of Israel and the
serve them the house of Israel and the
serve them the house of Israel and the house of Judah have broken my covenant
house of Judah have broken my covenant
house of Judah have broken my covenant which I made with their fathers
which I made with their fathers
which I made with their fathers therefore thus says the Lord
therefore thus says the Lord
therefore thus says the Lord behold I will surely bring calamity on
behold I will surely bring calamity on
behold I will surely bring calamity on them which they will not be able to
them which they will not be able to
them which they will not be able to escape and though they cry out to me I
escape and though they cry out to me I
escape and though they cry out to me I will not listen to them then the cities
will not listen to them then the cities
will not listen to them then the cities of Judah and the inhabitants of
of Judah and the inhabitants of
of Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem will go and cry out to the
Jerusalem will go and cry out to the
Jerusalem will go and cry out to the gods to whom they offer incense but they
gods to whom they offer incense but they
gods to whom they offer incense but they will not save them at all in the time of
will not save them at all in the time of
will not save them at all in the time of their trouble for according to the
their trouble for according to the
their trouble for according to the number of your cities were your gods o
number of your cities were your gods o
number of your cities were your gods o Judah and according to the number of the
Judah and according to the number of the
Judah and according to the number of the streets of Jerusalem you have set up
streets of Jerusalem you have set up
streets of Jerusalem you have set up altars to that shameful thing altars to
altars to that shameful thing altars to
altars to that shameful thing altars to burn incense to bathe so do not pray for
burn incense to bathe so do not pray for
burn incense to bathe so do not pray for this people or lift up a cry or prayer
this people or lift up a cry or prayer
this people or lift up a cry or prayer for them for I will not hear them in the
for them for I will not hear them in the
for them for I will not hear them in the time that they cry out to me because of
time that they cry out to me because of
time that they cry out to me because of their trouble what has my beloved to do
their trouble what has my beloved to do
their trouble what has my beloved to do in my house having done new deeds with
in my house having done new deeds with
in my house having done new deeds with many and the Holy flesh has passed from
many and the Holy flesh has passed from
many and the Holy flesh has passed from you when you do evil then you rejoice
you when you do evil then you rejoice
you when you do evil then you rejoice the Lord called your name green olive
the Lord called your name green olive
the Lord called your name green olive tree lovely and of good fruit with the
tree lovely and of good fruit with the
tree lovely and of good fruit with the noise of a great tumult he has kindled
noise of a great tumult he has kindled
noise of a great tumult he has kindled fire on it and its branches are broken
fire on it and its branches are broken
fire on it and its branches are broken for the Lord of hosts who planted you
for the Lord of hosts who planted you
for the Lord of hosts who planted you has pronounced doom against you for the
has pronounced doom against you for the
has pronounced doom against you for the evil of the house of Israel and of the
evil of the house of Israel and of the
evil of the house of Israel and of the house of Judah which they have done
house of Judah which they have done
house of Judah which they have done against themselves to provoke me to
against themselves to provoke me to
against themselves to provoke me to anger in offering incense to bail now
anger in offering incense to bail now
anger in offering incense to bail now the Lord gave me knowledge of it and I
the Lord gave me knowledge of it and I
the Lord gave me knowledge of it and I know it for you showed me their doings
know it for you showed me their doings
know it for you showed me their doings but I was like a docile and brought to
but I was like a docile and brought to
but I was like a docile and brought to the slaughter and I did not know that
the slaughter and I did not know that
the slaughter and I did not know that they had devised schemes against me
they had devised schemes against me
they had devised schemes against me saying let us destroy the tree with its
saying let us destroy the tree with its
saying let us destroy the tree with its fruit and let us cut him off from the
fruit and let us cut him off from the
fruit and let us cut him off from the land of the living that his name may be
land of the living that his name may be
land of the living that his name may be remembered no more
remembered no more
remembered no more but Oh Lord of Hosts you who judge
but Oh Lord of Hosts you who judge
but Oh Lord of Hosts you who judge righteously testing the mind and the
righteously testing the mind and the
righteously testing the mind and the heart let me see your vengeance on them
heart let me see your vengeance on them
heart let me see your vengeance on them for to you I have revealed my cause
for to you I have revealed my cause
for to you I have revealed my cause therefore thus says the Lord concerning
therefore thus says the Lord concerning
therefore thus says the Lord concerning the men of Anathoth who seek your life
the men of Anathoth who seek your life
the men of Anathoth who seek your life saying do not prophesy in the name of
saying do not prophesy in the name of
saying do not prophesy in the name of the lord lest you die by our hand
the lord lest you die by our hand
the lord lest you die by our hand therefore thus says the Lord of Hosts
therefore thus says the Lord of Hosts
therefore thus says the Lord of Hosts behold I will punish them the young men
behold I will punish them the young men
behold I will punish them the young men shall die by the sword
shall die by the sword
shall die by the sword their sons and their daughters shall die
their sons and their daughters shall die
their sons and their daughters shall die by famine and there shall be no remnant
by famine and there shall be no remnant
by famine and there shall be no remnant of them for I will bring catastrophe on
of them for I will bring catastrophe on
of them for I will bring catastrophe on the man of Anathoth even the year of
the man of Anathoth even the year of
the man of Anathoth even the year of their punishment
their punishment
their punishment [Music]